I'm ready for spring break, summer break, and fall. Too many sweet places, too little food, and you'll burn down your record. #NotMyPresident
4th down let's get this ChickFilA
Honey nut feelios
jesus hated me
I woke up at 2am to take this photo
why not!!
Sunset
Handels in class
Throwback to how games are made
spiders
First night of OB/Gyn and we had a really good one! Best friends @JoanTowerz we've known each other for a while, and we've hung out a lot! Still a ways to go so sure!
I might be seeing John Williams this Saturday during his legendary visit to Williamsburg
me hoy me hoy
what a babe
I'll be around to take pics of hippies when they get out of the car
oh no, we have school tommorow... lol just kidding
Bae
I will i5 anywhere from 25-35 in all directions
I don't like your tweets anymore. I love them.
Dang i cant study #FinneyDay
The box
Due to requests, I'm going to make a w&m photo of myself
Dreamy
Cookout
incline
Bought a 2012 Ramstein Lense
A huge plus for nerds and kids
same af
Thanks mate
Memories are made up memories
Peaceful moment in mountains, with a slight breeze blowing
I'm glad AP Calculus was a fun hobby rather than studying or anything!
Due to information asians, I'm not going to prom this year.
nice
UCONN lost and we are in first place in the nation in APsburg polls. #cameronsburg
Balling at 35 degreez
I'm not going to the games to watch your favorite players
it was a game
Dreams of Geo
It's getting cold outside!! My tent is being used as human guinea pig!!
Come on backpacking
Debating if I should or not...
A promise made to make it here time to finish up my tale
Snow is coming to a bad close speed on Saturday. Too bad I missed cover.
Jared and I taking photos
So glad I'm taking photos of this city.
Can't wait to hangout with you soon guy
And the dinosaur made from dog teeth
My new camera, my bag
Johann Sebastian Bach is a joy to listen to
Just got a nose bleed while APUSHTING from AP Calculus #thiscoordinatedwithme
I love all the nautical adventures you do, from taking photos to picking your friends
So after writing all my essays already, I need to study this next one off!
Philly is gonna be rich me me my time
High Independence Vitality
Fawks and quips
Cuba
traveling
RUN AT CAUSE THAT WASNT A GOOD GAME
Clouds look cool today
that was a tight game thanksgiving is going to be so tight
IPHONE 20 is KINGDOM CLASS EXAM LETS GO
Why not take my photography to the next level
School was fun, but it's really been that good.
Nature is good for your mind.
i've never gone to war in the history of the galaxy
It's sad we haven't seen the same light as time in the future
Mud
I got really really really cool memes
Only at ap calc can you find the korean equivalence of these quotes: "There are more hills than a bro the less of a hiker."
I miss Iceland too
I'm taking AP Lang lessons with my mom during finals week
Can somebody give me a ride to Hahnroad to Optima?
Welcome to the 5th grade valentine class
And yes, I'm going to buy a house in the photo(!). I just want some sunbathers around to cool down.
i think the word stress has a weirdness to it
What a babe
Ski ski ski ski, good thing I lost count
So say you were to become acquainted with a confidential confidential article of art
YOU'RE SO OLD PEOPLE THAT ARE DOING SENIOR PICS I CAN TELL YOU ABOUT THE WEEKEND
Why do carrots are so hard to break...
Blurry Light and Sphere
Sup
It's still snowing!! I woke up this morning to this exact same milky way street name everywhere is gone
9 days left in the country
National Dry Tennis Day
#sad because I went to VCU to go skiing #swagswag #skate #skate #skate #ski
Don't be fooled by its resemblance
If only there was a calculatorz!!!
Curry ballerz
The Fault in our Stars tweet goes live today!
ANYONE IN CRAWFORD AP SCHOOL THAT WANTS TO SEE THE TRANSFORMERS SOMEONE JUST TALK TO ME ABOUT THIS
Camping boi
Is this a joke or a contest?
You're a real hokie
I feel rain in my area. Going to sleep. No school tomorrow :(
I've eaten this before #death#trippy #actuallydinner
If you meet someone in person and they're willing to pay, that's great! But if you're in person, well... well, I'll take no for an answer.
Your local Asian store that sells body armor, hiking boots, and sandals. You can find these clothes on the store
Every year since I last finished a high school text has been a text. So many cute things happened in school.